===== About me =====

Hi, I’m Jannis Teunissen. {{ jannis.jpg?100|That's me. Minnie from CWI took the
picture}} You can find out more about my research [[research:start|here]], or
read a short {{jannis:cv_english.pdf|resume}}.

==== Brief biography ====

I grew up in Amsterdam (The Netherlands), on the Nieuwendammerdijk, a
street that feels a bit like the countryside. In 1999 I started to cross the IJ
everyday, because I attended a secondary school in the city centre
([[wp>Barlaeus_Gymnasium|Barlaeus]]). After finishing in 2005, I did a bachelor
in Physics and Astronomy at the [[wp>University_of_Amsterdam|University of
Amsterdam]].

In 2008, I enrolled in a masters programme in theoretical physics, but after a
few months I decided that this wasn’t what I was looking for. Later that year it
became clear to me that I wanted to do a master in
[[http://gss.uva.nl/future-msc-students/information-sciences/content27/computational-science.html|computational
science]], also at the University of Amsterdam. There were two reasons for this:

  * Pen-and-paper calculations only get you so far in physics, and I wanted to be able to solve more problems.
  * I enjoyed programming quite a bit.

Compared to theoretical physics, I felt solving problems on a computer allowed
for much more creativity. Of course you can also be creative in theoretical
physics, but most of the time you don’t come up with something that makes sense.

So the next year (2009), I started a master in Computational Science at the
University of Amsterdam. After finishing in 2011, I did my PhD research at CWI
in computational plasma physics, in the
[[https://www.cwi.nl/research-groups/Multiscale-Dynamics|group]] of
[[http://homepages.cwi.nl/~ebert/index.shtml|Ute Ebert]]. In 2015 I obtained my
[[https://www.cwi.nl/news/2015/cum-laude-3d-modelling-of-streamers|PhD]], and
I've stayed for a couple more months at CWI as a postdoc.

Since July 2016, I'm working as a postdoc at the
[[https://wis.kuleuven.be/CmPA|Centre for mathematical Plasma Astrophysics]] at
the KU Leuven, in Belgium.
